resources/index.md, before:

---
layout: article
title: "Resources"
---
Local resources for making

This list is very much a work in progress.

| Name        | Location                                  | Resources for Making | Programs                               | Cost                | Preferred Ages                      | Contact Info      | Hours    | Open to the public?                               |   |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------|---|
| If Lab      | Buffalo Academy of Science Charter School | Vertical Mill/Lathe  | Looking for outside partnerships       | N/A                 | 5th-12th Grade                      | Douglas Borzynski | Flexible | Limited to BACS students                          |   |
| The Foundry | N. Hampton Street                         | CNC Mills            | Woodworking classes, educational, etc. | Varies. See website | Middle school, high school, adults. | See website       | Flexible | With membership, class signup, or open event days |   |

Commit message:

Add cards to resources page and makerspace collection

resources/index.md, after:

---
layout: resources
title: "Articles"
date: 2014-05-30T11:39:03-04:00
modified:
excerpt: "A collection of thoughts, inspiration, mistakes, and other minutia."
tags: []
image:
  feature:
  teaser:
---

This list is very much a work in progress. If you would like to contribute, check the about page for contact info.

<div class="cards">
{% for makerspace in site.makerspaces %}
  {% include makerspace.html %}
{% endfor %}
</div><!-- /.tiles -->

| Name        | Location                                  | Resources for Making | Programs                               | Cost                | Preferred Ages                      | Contact Info      | Hours    | Open to the public?                               |   |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------------------|-------------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------|---|
| If Lab      | Buffalo Academy of Science Charter School | Vertical Mill/Lathe  | Looking for outside partnerships       | N/A                 | 5th-12th Grade                      | Douglas Borzynski | Flexible | Limited to BACS students                          |   |
| The Foundry | N. Hampton Street                         | CNC Mills            | Woodworking classes, educational, etc. | Varies. See website | Middle school, high school, adults. | See website       | Flexible | With membership, class signup, or open event days |   |
